Add `display_override` article (#4675)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/progressive-web-apps/add-manifest/index.md

authors:
  - petelepage
  - beaufortfrancois
  - thomassteiner
date: 2018-11-05

> updated: 2021-02-15

Author: ```suggestion
updated: 2021-02-25
```

  </table>
</div>

#### `display_override` {: #display-override }

Web apps can choose how they are displayed by setting a `display` mode in their manifest as
[explained above](#display). Browsers are *not* required to support all display modes, but they
*are* required to support the
[spec-defined fallback chain](https://w3c.github.io/manifest/#dfn-fallback-display-mode)
(`"fullscreen"` → `"standalone"` → `"minimal-ui"` → `"browser"`). If they don't support a given
mode, they fall back to the next display mode in the chain. This inflexible behavior can be
problematic in rare cases, for example, a developer cannot request `"minimal-ui"` without being

> forced back into the `"browser"` display mode in case `"minimal-ui"` is not supported by a given
> browser. Another problem is that the current behavior makes it impossible to introduce new display

Reviewer: ```suggestion
forced back into the `"browser"` display mode when `"minimal-ui"` is not supported.
Another problem is that the current behavior makes it impossible to introduce new display
```

modes in a backward compatible way, since explorations like tabbed application mode don't have a
natural place in the fallback chain.

These problems are solved by the `display_override` property, which the browser considers *before*

> the `display` property. Its value is a sequence of strings that are considered in-order, and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `display` property. Its value is a sequence of strings that are considered in the listed order, and the
```

Reviewer: It adds a little more clarity, I think, by disambiguating from the spec defined order of `display`. Do something similar in the other article.
